chore(content): remove classic theme - FE-3105 (#3400)
Sage/carbon: src/components/content/content.stories.mdx

import { Meta, Story, Preview, Props} from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import Content from './content.js';

<Meta title="Content" parameters={{ info: { disable: true }}} />

# Content
Text content with simple styles and useful to show simple text content in a common arrangement.
The Content component shows a title in bold, with plain text content children. Make sure that the colour of all text has a 
contrast ratio of at least 4.5.1, to meet the [WCAG 2.0 AA standard](https://www.w3.org/TR/UNDERSTANDING-WCAG20/visual-audio-contrast-contrast.html) 
for text less than 19px in size. Webaim have a good online [Contrast Checker](http://webaim.org/resources/contrastchecker/).

## Quick Start

```jsx
import Content from "carbon-react/lib/components/content";
```

## Default Content
<Preview>
  <Story name="Default">

>     <Content title='Title' as='primary' children='This is an example of some content'/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <Content title='Title' as='primary'>This is an example of some content</Content>
```
Do the same for other examples as well
